fix: fix pop_layout for virtual TYNDP nodes (#360)
open-energy-transition/open-tyndp: doc/release_notes.rst

Upcoming Open-TYNDP Release
================

**Bugfixes and Compatibility**

> * Add virtual TYNDP nodes for IT and LU to `clusted_pop_layout` to allow for consistent use of its index for selecting modelled electricity nodes (https://github.com/open-energy-transition/open-tyndp/pull/360).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add virtual TYNDP nodes for IT and LU to `clusted_pop_layout` to enable consistent use of its index when selecting modelled electricity nodes (https://github.com/open-energy-transition/open-tyndp/pull/360).
```
